[`BT`] Improve docs (#944)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/bettertransformer/tutorials/convert.mdx

```

Please refer to the [official documentation of `pipeline`](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/pipelines) for further usage. If you face into any issue, do not hesitate to open an isse on GitHub!

## Training compatibility

You can now benefit from the `BetterTransformer` API for your training scripts. Just make sure to convert back your model to its original version by calling `BetterTransformer.reverse` before saving your model.
The code snippet below shows how:
```python

> ...
> model = BetterTransformer.transform(model)
> 
> # Your training script here
> model = BetterTransformer.reverse(model)
> 
> model.save_pretrained("path/to/save/model")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from optimum.bettertransformer import BetterTransformer
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM

with torch.device(“cuda”):
    model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(“gpt2-large”, torch_dtype=torch.float16)

model = BetterTransformer.transform(model)

# do your inference or training here

# if training and want to save the model
model = BetterTransformer.reverse(model)
model.save_pretrained("fine_tuned_model")
model.push_to_hub("fine_tuned_model")
```
